- 👋 Hi, I’m @wilfredvaz
- Highly experienced Technical Manager with over 16 years of experience in the BPO, IT, finance, quality, and product development industries, I am skilled in agile methodologies and have a strong track record of delivering successful projects on time and within budget.
- My expertise includes end-to-end systems infrastructure design, capacity planning, and performance management, identifying opportunities for automation, cost savings, and service quality. I have developed and implemented infrastructure strategies that enable innovation and leverage technology trends that can create business value with agility and performance.
- As a manager, I oversee all project delivery, prioritize, guide, direct, and monitor the work efforts of Infrastructure Project Managers and Technical teams. I track, report, and resolve issues in a timely manner to ensure project delivery. I also manage capital expenditures and related expense budgets and work with IT Finance and vendors to ensure architected technologies are procured in a coordinated and timely fashion.
- I am also responsible for developing and mentoring talent to deliver the technology management and execution capabilities of the organization. I attract and retain talent through positive employee relations and robust succession planning. I also manage the technology direction and tools of the team, ensuring that appropriate standards are set, maintained, followed, and reported on regularly.
- With my working experience with a broad range of Infrastructure solutions for both B2B and B2C related technologies and technical experience including designing, installing, integrating, implementing, and supporting multiple versions of application and infrastructure components, I drive to ensure that SLA’s exist across all service platforms and that BAU activities remain within the stated SLA’s and also oversee and coordinate PTO ‘Permit to Operate’ programs related to supported portfolio of applications.
- I possess Strong project management skills, including the ability to identify and mitigate risk and excellent presentation skills including the ability to translate ‘technical speak’ into business terminologies. I coordinate and oversee the new hire onboarding program including coaching, guiding and supporting new hires, train, mentor, and manage product specialists, including team meetings, performance management, and professional development.
- I direct strategic initiatives designed to expand product functionality and increase user adoption, collaborate with all levels of senior leadership to gain insight on key business processes and identify opportunities for product improvements, establish a governance strategy for product development and enhancement requests, maintain an environment strategy, including procedures for code versioning, release management, and deployment, expand existing system architecture and incorporate additional business processes as new teams join the platform, and proactively seek out opportunities for partnerships with other internal teams.
- I foster productive relationships with consulting partners, defining clear expectations for communication and performance and ensure projects satisfy all documented requirements and are delivered on-time, within scope, and within budget. I assist in establishing scope, level of effort, and budget for stakeholder-initiated projects, organize and prioritize projects to maximize return on development efforts, direct multiple active work streams across multifunctional teams and effectively lead a team composed of Team Members and contractors in support of product development, operations, and maintenance.
- I review and evaluate vendors’ work deliverables (SDS), to ensure the System Requirements are met and apply collaboration and listening skills when interacting with clients to ensure their needs are properly understood.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on technology ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...
- Wilfred Vaz - Pune 

<!---
wilfredvaz/wilfredvaz is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
